So we need to design the DB which in turn affects the API
	So firstly, here's like the core of the application:
		* Users can send messages to one another, via websockets
		* Also, they can search for a new user, 
		
	And this is the current costly, and sad design or would say 
	first ever prototype I ran through:
	 I wanted the client to be terminal based, and the interface to 
	 be vim commands, for example, `i` to send a message, `q` to quit
	 `f`, find a new user or search for current friends, that sort of
	 thing. But first, the make a request to an AuthServer that validates
	 their credentials, extract it from the DB, save to redis and then
	 redirect them with an id to the websocket server. 

	 The websocket server then checks redis if the user has been 
	 authorised by checking their id in the redirect url-params. 
	 And if true, sends a `Paint` content, (latest updates on their 
	 friends, new messages, and all that jazz) And then, can send
	 normal messages, but there were alot and severe oversights that 
	 now makes it feel like I should just abandon this project.

	 1. The most junior thing I could ever do and never do again, think
			that the application should hypothetically have 1 server, even though
			I'm going to be the only user and some node-clients, I never thought
			about, how userrs on two different servers would communicate with 
			each other. 

		2. Not designing the database/data first before coding. Opens my 
		   eyes in a way that feels coding is monkey job, that's not where 
			 money is most of the time, unless it's core applications.
			 So now, while I had some intuitive API design and protocol instincts,
			 for example, knowing that a `type ChatMessage struct` should contain 
			 the `recipient`, `sender`, `time_received`, `message` and more, and 
			 responses back to the sender that conveyed whether this message 
			 was sent to the user but they're not online, or they've read it 
			 and they're online as "Nice Features" they were nice and I pat 
			 myself for that. But a glaring oversight, that almost burns me trying 
			 to think about it is always trying to wrap these Response and Request 
			 types in nonsensical types, and might be overhead in the grandscheme of 
			 things, especially knowing that JSON is expensive, I thought `this is 
			 going way faster than I expected, and Protobufs might be good because
			 there's generalised types and type-saftey, but I understand why people
			 don't like the cli when I use the protobuf compiler`
			 Now I'm thinking of how to desing the DB, and that influences the API and
			 subsequent protocols, and a full-blown rewrite, knowing that, the only code 
			 to ever run once on first try is no code at all. You can't even run a main.go
			 or main.c file without the main functions. So after the data thing, I will 
			 iterate times over times


			3. I also like the fact that while the application was actually working, for 
				 a go and nodejs scripts on two different terminals, I could write logic
				 for the wsserver that, if some recipient isn't online tell the user. And I 
				 had plans on storing this somewhere else like Redis or RabbitMQ. Well, WHAT
				 A GREAT IDEA! Turns out this shit deeper than it is. Because if the recipeient 
				 isn't online at the moment, we can store it on redis, but now do we always read from
				 redis? thought it was only when a user connects for the first time. So when the 
				 recipeint comes back online? Do we run across redis, and a message broker to see 
				 if anyone left any message for them? It's a websocket server so it's already 
				 doing too much as these are quite expensive, especially with Node, no shades.
				 So okay, lets use a MessageBroker, RabbitMQ came to my mind since I have a minimal 
				 experience with it, like a notificaiton application, that recieves requests, sends to 
				 rabbitMQ, node microservice consumes from rabbitQ and then sends confirmation email to user
				 and then writes some stuff to DB. Turns out, this is WEBSOCKETS, and chatmessages, rabbitMQ 
				 is geard towards `longpolling` if I'm correct? But then I remember 'colleagues: kafka this 
				 kafka that` alright, some googling, it's a behemot alright, but when to use which and how
				 to in chat applications? Alot of useless Medium Articles going on rubbish and 
				 youtube videos not going straight to the point of being vague, google needs to fix 
				 their search engine, or I'm just retarded




		So I know it's going to be more work indeed, even though I want to go from simple learning project
		to something actually working... I want to be able to join some abstract singleton factory team 
		and when they're talking about load-balancers, sharding, micro-services, rabbitmq, all that jazz
		I don't want to be lost.  Or be given tickets to pick from a board, but atleast own a 
		particular feature? For example if I was working on a team, I want to be responsible for the 
		`Notification` microservice, (whatever microservice truly means(just joking)). Not dragging jira
		ticket err_1738_67 moving to done test ready to oblivion.

		I truly want to bite more than I can chew, but as sad as it to say, someone slap me to 
		spit out some more to chew what I can chew, or INSTEAD, show me how to chew it. If I choke, 
		prod breaks. SIMPLE.(hope prod never breaks w my code though, but it's part of the process)

		And this project, then, brought me to the realisation that I'm a measly jr dev.(for now, lol)
		And what I was trying to chew? Ridiculous! Parsing commands as vim motions? Go Terminal Client 
		and integrating the BS BubbleTea framework? (again, this is just me angry and frustrated, because 
		I don't know how to deal with imaginary abstractions, that's why I prefer reading docs and yea
		for you heathens reading this, UNECESSARY OOP, but simple procedural, even though BubbleTea is truly 
		a feat for project, whole Terminal UI, and stuff, it's really the best out there) And then dealing 
		with TYPESCRIPT? and SpringBoot 😭 Yeah, maybe I was doing too much but I feel I CAN DO IT eitherway 
		but with the expenisive ahh mistake, almost feels like I don't want to try again? Even though I'm 
		learning how to use springboot for the first time. Maybe it's because I was able to build a similar 
		vcs to git, infact a git clone but with branching and commits while learning GO, that I think I could 
		pull this off._lol

